0.12: Add section on `Time`/`FixedTime` changes (#770)
bevyengine/bevy-website: content/news/2023-10-21-bevy-0.12/index.md

<div class="release-feature-authors">authors: @author</div>

## Unified `Time`

<div class="release-feature-authors">authors: @nakedible @maniwani @alice-i-cecile</div>

> Bevy 0.12 brings two major QoL improvements to `FixedUpdate`.

Reviewer: It might be because I'm not a native English speaker, but I don't think I've seen QoL used before. While the meaning is easy to understand from context, I'd generally avoid abbreviations in these kinds of texts
```suggestion
Bevy 0.12 brings two major quality of life improvements to `FixedUpdate`.
```
